St. Phillips Missionary Baptist Church was established in the community of Peach Creek of Rosanky, Texas, in 1866 under a tree. It is said that there was a lot of singing, praying, and shouting, and that the loud voices could be heard throughout the community. The church members prayed continuously for a church building for them to worship. Their prayers were answered and, St. Phillips MBC was able to have the church built. There were many great pastors that served throughout that duration. In January 1970 God sent Rev H.C. Abbott as our pastor. Pastor Abbott, by the grace of God, was able to accomplish many things. Under Pastor Abbott's leadership, we were able to purchase land for a new cemetery, and have a new, larger church built. Within 11 years, the church was paid in full, and we were able to burn the mortgage. Pastor Abbott made history for the largest baptism at one time in the history of Bastrop County, with more than 20 people being baptized. Prior to the passing of Pastor H.C. Abbott, our pastor of 37 years, the church formed a pastoral committee to search for a new pastor due to his illness. The journey included God speaking to a long-time member of St. Phillips and using that person to mention Rev. Bobby Bullard of the Mt. Sinai Baptist Church in Austin, Texas. God eventually worked it out where Rev. Bullard accepted an invitation to preach, what would be, his first sermon at St. Phillips on Father's Day of 2007, June 10. By the third Sunday in July, God spoke again to the pastoral search committee and the members of St. Phillips. Rev. Bullard and his family came out again and worshipped with us. On that day, through the guidance of the Holy Spirit, God gave us our new Pastor and family on July 15, 2007. The installation was held on October 28, 2007, with Guest Pastor and church, A.W. Anthony Mays from Mt. Sinai Missionary Baptist Church of Austin, Texas. By that time, St. Phillips had become known as the "Church on the Hill." But Pastor Bullard was given a vision from the Lord inspiring him to move the church body to Austin, Texas to better serve the church members and to do ministry in God's community. Pastor Bullard has brought great changes to the church. We now have service every Sunday, with second Sundays being dedicated to the youth, and on fourth Sundays, we are now able to hear the male chorus sing. We are thankful that upon our move, God allowed us to meet the pastor of Alpha Seventh Day Adventist Church, Dr. Gordon Jones. Dr. Jones and the Alpha family welcomed us into their facility to conduct our various worship times. God continued to show us favor by adding Brother George Pettus and Brother Charles Connor to our music ministry in 2008. In August 2010, God blessed this church by sending to us our first Assistant to the Pastor and Minister of Music, Tyrone Mann. Our music ministry continues to expand as we have added a choir director, Minister Bettina Bunton, and a praise and worship leader. In February 2012, we seek to start to other ministries, including a Single Adults Ministry and a Youth and Young Adult Sunday School Class. St. Phillips is now known as the "Church That Looks to the Hills." Our mission is to, "Find them, bring them in, grow them up and send them out." Although the majority of the congregation chose to follow our pastor, by the grace of God the members that chose to stay are still worshiping God at the Rosanky-Peach Creek location. We are all "Still praising god!" 
"We are so thankful as we are now in 2022 and are celebrating 158 of church life. We are especially thankful to all who laid the foundation for this church and paved the way for us to do the work for God that we do. We thank God for those that have joined us in this journey."
St. Phillips missionary Baptist Church
Bobby Bullard, Pastor
